update docs for async attach feature (#4753)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/api/commands/origin.md

```js
const hits = getHits()

> cy.origin('https://www.acme.com', () => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion

cy.visit('https://www.acme.com/history/founder')
// to interact with cross-origin content, move this inside cy.origin() callback
cy.get('h1').contains('About our Founder, Marvin Acme')
cy.origin('https://www.acme.com', () => {
```

`/history/founder`, the three are concatenated to make
`https://www.acme.com/history/founder`.

#### Alternative navigation

```js
// Do things in primary origin...

cy.visit('https://www.acme.com/history/founder')

// The cy.origin block is required to interact with the cross origin page.
cy.origin('www.acme.com', () => {
  cy.get('h1').contains('About our Founder, Marvin Acme')
})
```

Here the cross origin page is visited prior to the `cy.origin` block, but any
interactions with the window are performed within the block which can
communicate with the cross origin page

#### Incorrect usage

```js
// Do things in primary origin...

cy.visit('https://www.acme.com/history/founder')

// This command will fail, it's executed on localhost but the application is at acme.com
cy.get('h1').contains('About our Founder, Marvin Acme')
```

> Here this command fails because we are interacting with a cross-origin window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here `cy.get('h1')` fails because we are trying to interact with a cross-origin page
```

> outside of the cy.origin block, 'localhost' can't communicate with 'acme.com'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outside of the `cy.origin()` block because Cypress has not been injected into the 'acme.com' domain.
```

Author: the problem really is that localhost can't communicate with acme.com, even if a cypress instance was injected into acme.com localhost still can't communicate outside of post message.

is this better?

```suggestion
outside of the cy.origin block, due to 'same-origin' restrictions, the 'localhost' javascript context can't communicate with 'acme.com'.
```

Reviewer: @mjhenkes yes!

### Navigating to secondary origin with UI

Navigating to a secondary origin by clicking a link or button in the primary

> origin is also supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
origin is supported.
```

`/history/founder`, the three are concatenated to make
`https://www.acme.com/history/founder`.

#### Alternative navigation

```js
// Do things in primary origin...

cy.visit('https://www.acme.com/history/founder')

> // The cy.origin block is required to interact with the cross origin page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// The cy.origin block is required to interact with the cross-origin page.
```

Author: I'm getting the feeling that you want me to add a dash between 'cross' and 'origin' :)

Reviewer 2: Indeed 😅 Thought we should at least be consistent about it and prior usages have it hyphenated.

cy.origin('www.acme.com', () => {
  cy.get('h1').contains('About our Founder, Marvin Acme')
})
```

> Here the cross origin page is visited prior to the `cy.origin` block, but any
> interactions with the window are performed within the block which can
> communicate with the cross origin page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here the cross-origin page is visited prior to the `cy.origin` block, but any
interactions with the window are performed within the block which can
communicate with the cross-origin page
```
